feat: adds gemara lexicon terms to glossary (#88)
ossf/glossary: content/en/risk.md

---
title: Risk
status: Completed
category: concept
tags: ["gemara", "fundamental"]
---

> Risk is the potential for loss or damage when a [threat](threat) is actualized, determined by calculating the impact of an event on an [organization](organization) and the likelihood of its occurrence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Risk is the potential for loss or damage, such as when a [threat](threat) is actualized, determined by the impact of an event on an [organization](organization) and the likelihood of its occurrence.
```

"Risk" isn't limited to security - use that only as an example. Risks aren't always formally calculated... they're risks even when they aren't.
